feat(webpack): Add notes on configuring SENTRY_RELEASE (#1415)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/platforms/javascript/index.md

{% include platforms/configure-releases.md %}

> If you are using the [Webpack Plugin](#webpack) releases will be automatically configured for you using the plugins release lookup logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the [Webpack Plugin](#webpack) releases will be automatically configured for you using the plugin's release lookup logic.
```

In case you use [SourceMapDevToolPlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/source-map-dev-tool-plugin) for more fine-grained control of source map generation, leave `noSources` turned off, so Sentry can display proper source code context in event stack traces.

> Additionally the webpack plugin will also automatically configure your `window.SENTRY_RELEASE`, meaning your `Sentry.init` call will not need to be configured with the `release` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the webpack plugin will automatically set `window.SENTRY_RELEASE`, meaning your `Sentry.init` call will not need to be configured with the `release` key.
```
